Previously
on Will Trent...
I had this bad feeling
you weren't really sick.
-FBI share any new intel
with you?
-Not yet.
You are The Commander.
Le Bon Nosh. 8:00 p.m.
Don't you look handsome?
Damn it. watch your step.
I've left you a little present.
Adelaide. what did you do?
But you had to go
and ruin it by having your boss
go looking for me.
I know exactly what
it feels like to be the reason
your loved ones end up
in harm's way.
Shame. Guilt. Anger.
Amanda. No.
Help!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Will. we got to
get Amanda out of here.
Let the techs do their job.
-How was the body
when you found it?
-The body?
This is Deputy Director
Amanda Wagner.
She was on her back.
Understood. Special Agent.
Just-- Please.
This is as bad as it gets.
Oh. Wags.
We're gonna get
the son of a bitch
who did this.
Wait. Okay. wait. let me.
- Let me.
- Okay.
The Lord is my shepherd.
I shall not want.
He restoreth my soul.
He leadeth me
in the paths of righteousness
for his name's sake.
Yea. though I walk
through the valley
of the shadow of death.
I will fear no evil.
For thou art with me.
Thy rod and thy staff.
they comfort me.
Surely goodness
and mercy shall follow me
all the days of my life.
and I will dwell in the house
of the Lord forever.
Amen.
Mom.
Oh.
Caroline. I need your help.
Yes. sir.
I need you to access
Amanda's calendar.
computer. everything.
I wanna know what she was doing
leading up to last night. okay?
Yeah. you got it.
Oh.
Thank you.
Oh. boy. Uh...
No! Don't you dare go in there!
You have no damn shame. do you?
- That's not what I was doing.
-  -You couldn't wait for this.
Amanda knew that
you were after her job.
and she hated you
just as much as I do.
Wilbur Trent.
I came here to tell you
how sorry I am for your loss.
Now. Wagner and I
had our differences.
but she had and will always
have my utter respect.
Let me know
if you need anything.
Captain Evelyn Mitchell
has some information
you'll find useful.
Amanda was secretly working
with a contact at the FBI.
She was looking
for Adelaide Trevens.
On her own? Why?
What?
Why didn't she say anything?
She did. just not to you.
Amanda planned
on looping you both in
once she got something solid.
Well. she must have found it.
and it got her killed.
Come in.
Hi. I printed. uh. all of
the Deputy Director's emails
and personal files
from the last two weeks.
Um. I had all the files
digitized for Eduardo.
Oh.
Much appreciated. Caroline.
Honey. I'm gonna
stick around here
if you don't mind. I just...
I just can't be home.
Yeah. of course.
I'll. um...
I'll be in Amanda's office.
Um...
Something else. Caroline?
Sorry. I was just wondering
what I should do with Winona.
She's still in
the Deputy Director's
parking space.
- Her car's still here?
- Mm-hmm.
Maybe Amanda
was doing something
that required a low profile.
Caroline. can you see
if she checked out
an undercover vehicle
in the last few days?
-Sure thing.
-Thanks.
Mmm.
Hey. guys.
So. got an eyewitness
near the crime scene last night
who saw a large male--
40s. 50s--
park a silver sedan
and dump something
near the curb.
She said it could have
been a body.
So. um. got a partial plate.
Running it now.
What about the. uh. the people
at the restaurant. employees.
customers?
Anyone see Adelaide
get into that car?
Uh. so far. no.
but we haven't found
everyone yet.
The bartender. Have you
talked to the bartender?
That would be Josh Hassen.
No. still looking for him.
He's one of hers.
Uh. server dropped the tray.
The bartender yelled at her.
and then Adelaide was gone.
A distraction.
Let's get a BOLO out.
and I want unis parked and
camped in front of his address.
You got it. Hey.
Everyone.
just take care today. okay?
There.
Amanda's undercover car.
Two coffees.
She was here for a while.
It was matcha.
She was off coffee.
A stakeout.
She was casing something.
Why the backup?
I don't know how many
acolytes Adelaide has.
and neither do you.
We might need help.
We got your pin.
What's it looking like?
Found two
of Amanda's coffee cups.
She was definitely surveilling
the area. We don't know...
- Come on. Amanda.
- ...where
Adelaide's acolytes are.
Come on.
...I had you guys
come out here. Nope.
-He's getting out. Let's go.
-All right. fine.
This is where it happened.
Antonio was here.
Groceries still fresh.
Ice still icy.
We must have just missed them.
GBI. Show yourself.
Hey. stop!
Where's Antonio Morales?
He'll be dead soon.
Just like your boss.
- Trent!
- Will. stop!
-That's enough. Trent.
Calm down!
-Hey. stay down.
- You got it?
- Yeah. I got him.
I have to know
what happened. Pete.
It was. um...
...a two-person attack.
judging from the bruising
around her neck
and the placement
of the five stab wounds
to her chest.
Amanda...
Between both lungs collapsing
and the hemothorax.
she didn't last long.
But there was a significant
amount of epithelial cells
beneath her nails.
along with foreign hair fibers
on the cuffs of her coat.
She made sure you got
enough DNA. didn't she?
More than you even know.
This fingertip.
She must have bitten it off
during the struggle.
Belongs to a Stephen Lucas. 43.
School teacher.
if you can believe that.
It's not hard to believe
anything these days.
Can you give us a...
a minute. Pete?
Yeah.
She. um...
She was really great.
I. um...
I'll-I'll-I'll be sure to...
to grab that dress you like
for the funeral.
The one you said that
makes you look like
Angela Bassett.
I still think
you're reaching. honey.
You're so cold. Mandy.
You don't do cold well.
I don't know
what the world looks like
without you in it.
I mean. I guess I'm gonna
have to figure that out. right?
You took care of everyone
all the time.
Now it's our turn
to take care of you.
We're gonna get it done. girl.
This is our last dance.
Good job. Will.
Not only did you knock out
two of this bartender's teeth.
you also made him bite off
part of his tongue.
which is now
being sewn back on.
so he won't be able
to talk any time soon.
Did you get it out
of your system?
Amanda should
still be here right now!
This is all your fault!
- ...backup.
- Okay. Okay. guys.
What's our next move?
-Fresh Food Town.
-Come again?
It's the receipt
we found in the groceries.
It's from Fresh Food Town.
Now. the address is
water-damaged. but check
it out. Employee discount.
One of Adelaide's acolytes
must work at Fresh Food Town.
There's got to be
around a dozen in the city.
-You coming. Mitchell?
-No. I am not coming with you.
You look like a disgrace to me.
Fine. I'll go alone.
No. you won't.
Trent and I will canvass
all the Fresh Food Towns.
Why don't you two
check on that teacher
with the missing finger?
I don't need a partner.
Yeah. you do.
Third-grade teacher
living in a cozy bungalow.
that's who takes Amanda out.
None of this
makes any damn sense.
No. it doesn't.
Wait. that car
fits the description
from the restaurant.
Is the partial plate a match?
Yep.
Oh. no.
Trent. Slow down.
Hey. Amanda meant something
to all of us.
so get your head
out of your ass. okay?
And you might want to remember
she changed Faith's diapers.
Geez.
I know you're hurting. okay?
But rage isn't the answer.
believe me. I know.
You just... just remember
who you are. okay?
This case is gonna
break on details
and that's what
you're good at. man.
You're right.
Hey. you see that?
Yes. I do.
Angie is calling.
Hey. Ang. what's up?
Guess Adelaide thought
he was too much of a liability.
Well. at least he dead.
Cold comfort.
Josh Hassen.
bartender guy I beat up.
Someone got to him.
strangled him to death
in his own hospital bed.
No witnesses. no leads.
Hey. Commander! Don't move!
Hey. put the gun down!
Stay low! Stay low!
Show me those hands!
Don't be stupid.
Doesn't make...
Why. huh?
Why would she want to kill me?
Come on.
Where's Adelaide.
Alexander?
It is Alexander Stewart. right?
Don't call me that.
Oh. Hmm...
I forgot.
You're Adelaide's
de facto ringleader.
I don't need to tell you
about the teacher found
in the trunk earlier today.
You probably relayed
that order.
And the bartender.
the one who helped
Adelaide escape.
you ordered his death too.
didn't you?
Nothing?
What about Amanda Wagner?
I know you don't care.
But I'm gonna tell you
a little about Amanda Wagner.
Amazing woman.
She was more than a boss to me.
She was my Adelaide.
Plucked me out of obscurity.
She was my mentor.
Made me who I am today.
just like Adelaide did for you.
The only difference...
Amanda Wagner
never tried to kill me.
Adelaide's killing off acolytes
she has no more use for.
You mean nothing to her now.
I'm the only thing standing
between you and certain death.
But the way I see it.
you stole from me.
I'm inclined to put you back
on the street.
- What?
-  But-- -Whatever happens. happens.
What's wrong? You afraid?
Oh. I'd be afraid too.
You're at the tippy top
of Adelaide's list.
I gave you a chance.
Good luck.
Wait.
I can tell you.
Where's Adelaide?
I don't know.
Look. I can give you
her acolytes.
Names. numbers.
addresses. everything.
I want everyone.
Don't move!
You're wasting your time.
-You can't stop us.
-Shut up
and get in the car now.
Lisa Giamo. 31.
Flight attendant by day.
acolyte by night.
You get back!
Get back. You stay away
from me. I'm gonna do it.
I swear to God I'm gonna do it.
I will slice my throat.
I will bleed out
all over this office.
You get away from me!
You get away from me right now.
Next time. take the guard off.
okay? Get off of me.
I don't know
any Antonio Morales. okay?
I just moved money.
I didn't kill anybody.
You knowingly funded
a serial killer.
No. that wasn't my money.
I just moved it
from a numbered account
to wherever she was.
but the account dried up
and I stopped. I stopped.
When was this?
Two weeks ago.
Jeremy. you cannot
think like that.
She knew you loved her.
This woman got
some people to do...
I don't know why this happened.
Just come home.
Come home. please.
I will get you a ticket today.
okay?
Okay.
I love you too.
Ronald Troupe from
Ambler. Pennsylvania. age 73.
Founder of
Slim's Candy Soda Company.
Died of a heart attack.
He was funding
Adelaide's special projects.
She lost her bankroll.
And that's when
Adelaide came back here.
Hey. y'all. listen to this.
So. Ulster declared bankruptcy
when he was arrested.
Conveniently saving
his slick ass
from paying any damages
to the victims' families.
Everybody knew that it was BS.
but they couldn't find
the money.
Turns out at the same time
that Ulster declares
bankruptcy.
somebody at his old firm
gets power of attorney
for a new trust
worth the same
as Ulster's estate.
and then liquidates it
three days before
Ulster's escape from prison.
So he could leave it
somewhere for Ulster to find
after his escape.
That's what Adelaide's after.
Ulster's money.
You pick up the lawyer friend?
Oh. we would
if we could find him.
Assuming she got to him.
she would've made him tell her
how to get to the money.
If she had the money.
why stick around?
I don't think she has it.
Maybe Ulster's lawyer friend
was the middleman.
Maybe he gave the money
to someone for safekeeping.
and they moved it.
Someone Ulster could trust.
Someone Adelaide can't get to.
Guys. look what Amanda
had scheduled on her calendar.
HCF.
Helms Correctional Facility.
She was supposed
to meet someone there.
Oh. no.
No. no. no. no. no.
What's wrong?
I know who has Ulster's money.
Well. hi. y'all.
- Janice-Theresa?
- Yeah?
I have seen all of your videos.
Oh. girl. you're so sweet.
Oh. Hey. stud muffin.
JT?
Yeah?
Boo-boo!
-I can't...
-Oh. I know. I know. it's okay.
It's all right. girl.
Look at you with the glue gun.
Arts and crafts.
you better get it.
I don't even think
about Ulster anymore.
Nope. I have seen the light
on that man. thanks to you.
I am finally
Janice-Theresa-Phoenix.
Remember?
Oh. yeah.
But you know. we found
a-a letter in your bunk
sent five days ago.
It was apparently signed
by James Ulster.
Mm-hmm. I know.
and I ignored that.
-'Cause he dead.
Can't write to you.
-Yeah.
That's right. he's dead.
He's graveyard dead.
Dead. dead.
Hmm. Okay. well.
there was a number inside of it
and you called it.
Oh. You're good.
Yeah. who answered the phone?
-Oh...
-It wasn't Ulster
'cause he graveyard dead.
It was his daughter.
She wanted to know
the location of Ulster's money.
And this is the really
important part. JTP.
-Mm-hmm.
-Did you tell her
where to find it?
Come on. You can tell me.
-We're gonna be a family.
-Good God.
A family!
We're gonna be a family.
Yes. boo-boo. he is alive
and he still loves me.
He loves me. She told me so.
That sweet darling angel.
Adelaide. she told me.
and... and you know.
I've always wanted
to be a mama.
All right. baby.
this is what's gonna happen.
You're gonna tell me
where the money is
and when Adelaide is coming
to pick it up...
-Mm-mmm.
-...and in return.
I'm gonna let you keep
that phone you're using
to stay famous in prison.
Anyone have eyes on her yet?
Nothing.
Nope.
Looking for your daddy's money?
-Will.
-It's not there.
We already have it.
Blue coat. black boots.
northeast corner with Trent.
It's a green coat.
and I bet I can get her first.
Hold your positions.
Remember. we need her alive.
And you're both wrong.
It's teal.
It's over. Adelaide.
You have no money. no network.
You are all alone.
That's not true.
I'll tell you what.
you tell me where my uncle is.
and maybe you don't get
the death penalty.
I love it
when you talk dirty to me.
What makes you think
I want to stay alive?
Hmm?
Maybe I'd rather die knowing
that you'll torture yourself
for the rest of your life
because you couldn't save
your uncle from dying a slow.
painful death.
Why should I believe
he's even still alive?
Because I can prove it.
Come. Sit.
Will. talk to me.
What are you doing?
I got no shot.
There's too many friendlies.
- Same.
- Will. do you read me?
You said you could prove
he's alive.
I will. but first.
lose the earpiece.
I like privacy.
I mean it.
You're gonna want to see this.
It's a live feed.
You're not gonna be able to
trace it from this phone.
so all you can do is watch.
I feel
it's much healthier for me
to simply watch him deteriorate
than scroll through TikTok.
You know. he sings himself
to sleep for comfort? So sweet.
He's still alive for now.
I always forget
how long a person
can live without water.
- Sad. right?
- Why isn't he responding?
He took his earpiece out.
I gotta
get a better position.
No. stay put.
If she sees you. it could be more danger for Will.
I have a proposal.
Why don't you kill yourself.
and I'll tell your team
where to find Antonio.
If you don't. I'll kill myself.
and you'll never
find your uncle.
Is it really that hard
to choose?
I mean...
...do you want to keep
going on like this?
Hurting anyone
that's close to you?
Amanda Wagner
would still be alive.
I can't believe
you haven't done it already.
If I kill myself.
Antonio lives.
That's what you're saying?
I'm done playing your games.
-Fine.
-Wait. Adelaide. no.
Hang on a second. okay?
You don't need to do this.
I have to.
- I don't like this.
- Neither do I.
I'm going closer.
The thought of my death
torturing your mind forever
is just too good to pass up.
I know about your mom.
I know what she did to you.
We're the same. Adelaide.
That's why there's this thing
between us.
I know about the rage
that you feel. the abuse.
the neglect.
the world telling you
over and over again
that you don't matter.
We're not the same.
Someone saved you.
Adelaide. please don't do it.
Shots fired.
Get on the ground.
hands behind your head.
lace your fingers.
cross your ankles.
Get on your knees now.
I didn't even see it.
Come on. Adelaide.
Where's Antonio?
Tell me where he is!
It happened right down there.
Hey. Antonio's alive.
Adelaide showed me a live feed.
He was tied to a pipe.
There was. uh. green paint.
maybe metal.
There was a freight train too.
It has to be.
I heard two long whistle blows.
one short and another long.
Okay. that means the train came
to a public crossing.
Antonio must be
at a train yard.
Okay. so we have Inman Yard.
northwest side of the city.
Inman's too busy.
not enough cover.
It's nothing
but shipping containers.
Hulsey Yard
is right next to Foles Station.
which was shut down years ago.
That's it.
Antonio's gotta be there.
-Antonio!
Antonio!
Antonio. call out to me.
Antonio?
Will?
- Antonio.
-  -Will. can you hear me?
I'm here. Antonio. I'm here.
- Will.
- I'm getting you out. okay?
-Antonio.
-Will.
-Hang on.
-Yeah.
Okay. I got you.
Will.
I didn't know.
I thought you might...
You found me. Will.
I knew you'd find me.
-Hey.
Look at you. You're. uh...
You're eating.
I'm not sure
it counts as eating
if you don't have to chew.
No. doc says
that's your last bag of fluids
and you're good to go.
Well. yeah.
I'm finally feeling. uh.
less raisin. more grape.
- That's good.
I'm glad. I. uh...
booked you a flight
back to the island.
First class.
Marshals will escort you
from here to the airport
and then. uh. they'll be there
to meet you on the other side.
-When's the flight?
-Soon as you check out.
Really? So soon?
I just...
I think it's best. Um...
I'm so sorry...
that this happened to you.
You know it's not your fault.
You tried to warn me.
but I was the zangano
that didn't listen.
Hey. hey.
Will. I'm still here.
It's going to take more
than esa loca to take me out.
I've got breath in my lungs
because of you. mijo.
You.
Don't you ever forget that.
I mean. everything. really.
I mean. my dad thinks
I made it up.
- Yeah.
- A splenectomy
on the morgue table.
Oh. it happened.
And I could not have
done it without Amanda.
Mmm...
Can I see the scar?
- Mmm. Well. look who's here.
- Aw.
There's my little partner.
You mean me. right?
I know you love me more.
Yes. Yes. he does.
If I say yes. can I hold her?
-Fine.
-Yeah. there's my bubby.
Hey. you.
- Now. that is a cute dog.
-  -How come you don't call me bubby?
Aunt Mandy called me
my first night in LA.
right-right after I moved.
You never told me that.
Yeah. she. um... she knew
I was nervous about going.
Worried about failing.
She said that my path
was already decided for me.
All I needed to do
was walk in it.
Hey. guys.
- Hey.
Is Will coming?
He didn't say much at the house.
Yeah. he'll be here any minute.
You okay?
Hey. everyone. I. uh...
Um. most of you
know Deputy Director
Amanda Wagner
as a strict.
intimidating badass.
But for some of us old-timers.
she was Wags.
We came up
through the ranks together.
and I can confirm that
even back then. she was a...
- Badass.
- ...badass.
Damn right.
No one ever tore into me
the way that woman did.
And it's a good thing that
I had a crush on her back then.
I loved the attention.
You know what.
I'm gonna turn it over
to someone that knew her best.
Uh. Captain Evelyn Mitchell.
Mmm.
Well.
Amanda...
well. Mandy to me. um.
- she had her way. didn't she?
- Mmm.
She entered the APD. a...
a young woman. mixed race.
bisexual in the '80s...
- Jesus...
- ...what was she thinking?
Her very existence
opened up so many doors
for so many women.
I hope she knew that.
Well. I-I-I had more
I wanted to share.
but I think I'll. um.
keep that for me.
We all know
what Amanda means to us.
and she was part of a legacy.
Now my daughter
is part of that legacy.
Mmm.
Faith?
Um...
Well...
Amanda had more faith in me
than I did.
She would always tell me
to do better. to be better.
She saw potential.
She had this really great gift
of meeting you where you were.
seeing who you could be.
and then pushing you
down that path.
no matter how stubborn
you were.
That's me she's talking about.
Of course.
And that is not all
she left me with because
you know I am taking her coats.
Ooh!
Nobody rocked a fit harder
than her.
Uh-uh.
You know. Amanda knew
how to keep things simple
and for her.
it was as simple as
bad people don't get to win.
That's it. that's the job.
That is our job.
And we owe it to her
to see that through. so...
To the best to ever do it.
- To Amanda.
Um...
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-